We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve our products and services.
Here are the types of personal information we collect:
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you provide in relation to Amazon Services. Click here to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Amazon Services.
Automatic Information: We automatically collect and store certain types of information about your use of Amazon Services, including information about your interaction with content and services available through Amazon Services. Like many websites, we use cookies and other unique identifiers, and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser or device accesses Amazon Services and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon on other websites. Click here to see examples of what we collect.
Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources, such as updated delivery and address information from our carriers, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase more easily. Click here to see additional examples of the information we receive
For What Purposes Does Amazon Use Your Personal Information? 
We use your personal information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the products and services that we offer our customers. These purposes include:
Purchase and delivery of products and services. We use your personal information to take and fulfill orders, deliver products and services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services, and promotional offers.
Provide, troubleshoot, and improve Amazon Services. We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix errors, and improve the usability and effectiveness of the Amazon Services.
Recommendations and personalization. We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with Amazon Services.
Provide voice, image and camera services. When you use our voice, image and camera services, we use your voice input, images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide the requested service to you, and improve our services. For more information about Alexa voice services, click here.
Comply with legal obligations. In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect from sellers information regarding place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification and other purposes.
Communicate with you. We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to Amazon Services via different channels (e.g., by phone, e-mail, chat).
Advertising. We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products, and services that might be of interest to you. We do not use information that personally identifies you to display interest-based ads. To learn more, please read our Interest-Based Ads notice.
Fraud Prevention and Credit Risks. We use personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, Amazon, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information? 
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share customers’ personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and subsidiaries that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions involving Third Parties: We make available to you services, products, applications, or skills provided by third parties for use on or through Amazon Services. For example, the products you order through our marketplace are from third parties, you can download applications from third-party application providers from our App Store, and enable third-party skills through our Alexa services. We also offer services or sell product lines jointly with third-party businesses, such as sellers on the marketplace, restaurants registered on Amazon.in, merchants providing mobile recharges and bill-payment assistance. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customers’ personal information related to those transactions with that third party.
Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders for products or services, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing payments, transmitting content, scoring, assessing and managing credit risk, and providing customer service. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process the personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or services. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Amazon.com, Inc. or Amazon Seller Services Private Limited or any of its affiliates, or substantially all of their assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Amazon and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Amazon, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
How Secure Is Information About Me? 
We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling payment card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, processing, and disclosure of personal customer information. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorized access and loss of data. You can control these features and configure them based on your needs. Click here for more information on how to manage the security settings of your device. 
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computers, devices and applications. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. Click here for more information on how to sign off.
What Information Can I Access?
You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, profile information, Prime membership, household settings, and purchase history in the "Your Account" section of the website or mobile application. Click here for a list of examples that you can access. To request access to personal information that is not available through Your Account you can submit a request here.
Conditions of Use, Notices , and Revisions
If you choose to use Amazon Services, your use and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the prevailing law in India. If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should check our websites frequently to see recent changes. 
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
